i took a google ads shopping campaign
with a poor roast of only 1.5 all the
way up to over 8
in 14 days and i did it by fixing one
simple mistake my name is aaron young
and i'm your 15 000 hour google ads
master in this video i'm going to show
you what the issue was how to fix it and
how you can also fix your google ads
shopping campaign improve performance
and get more money into your bank
account in under three minutes let's go
firstly let's just confirm those results
so you can see here we took on this
account on the 1st of october and i'm
showing these results from the last 14
days of the month compared to the first
14 days of the month so you can see in
this time period we increased that
conversion value by over 2 450 biggest
thing we saw that increase in the
conversion rate but look at this this
roast we took it all the way up to that
8.28 and essentially what that means is
that for every dollar in google ads
spend they were getting over eight
dollars in return but the biggest thing
i also want to point out is that we
actually did this by reducing their
budget the other thing that i wanted to
show you is that this is actually a
long-term result so you can see here on
this monthly breakdown this yellow line
through here there roast was that was at
1.66 september was 1.43 and then in
october it shot up to 4.2 remembering
that was for the whole month but as we
sort of said in the previous screen is
that in that last two weeks we got that
up to over eight dollars so right now
what i want to break down is the biggest
mistake in this account i see this time
and time again especially in shopping
campaigns but in a lot of campaigns is
that people don't understand how
important audiences are to your overall
account performance i would even say
that adding audiences and doing your
proper audience reviews it can be the
single greatest tool to quickly increase
your account performance so what i want
to do on the remainder of this video is
to show you how you go through and add
in those audiences but more importantly
how you actually go in and optimize
those audiences so that you can see
increased results in your campaign very
very quickly to run this check in your
account the first thing you want to go
into is you want to go into your
campaigns select the campaign section
and then you want to go into this
audience tab once you've gone into this
audience tab you'll see this screen come
through now obviously in this account
we've already added in your audiences
now if you get this scenario where you
see nothing listed here it means that
you don't have any audiences added to
your campaign so the first step is very
easily you need to go into edit audience
segments you can then choose to select
them either by the campaign or the ad
group i'll generally select them by the
campaign but you can do either and then
from there it's just a matter of going
through and looking and finding for some
different audiences that you may want to
add
google will go through and recommend
some for you but the biggest point i
want to recommend here is that we're
actually using the observation method
and what that means is that we're not
blocking off those other audiences
we're just getting the data on the
audiences that we are targeting now down
the track if you find a couple of
audiences a selection of say 10 to 20
audiences that you know are real money
winners you may want to switch that over
for targeting but for the time being
we're happy to keep it in observation so
once you've got those audiences select
the blue tick boxes and then add them
into your audience what you will have to
do there is you do need to wait at least
14 days to start getting some initial
data through once you've got that
initial data through what you do want to
look at and google will generally not
include the search impression share
column so if you don't see it in there
you can obviously just go through and
add in that column but the reason for
why i add that and what i'm looking at
is i'm looking at a couple of metrics so
i've gone through and already added in
these bid optimizations and we did this
at the 14 day mark
what i'm looking at is i'm looking at
the core kpis and especially because
this is an e-commerce campaign we're
wanting to generate product sales i'm
looking at the conversion rate the cost
per conversion and the conversion value
per cost or the rawas and what we're
looking at here is if i see any of these
which are getting high conversions at a
low cost per conversion at a really good
roast or conversion value cost i'll then
go through and add in an increased bid
optimization now what bit adjustments
are that actually lets you increase or
decrease your bids
so essentially what we're doing is we're
saying to google we want to target more
traffic to users within these top
performing audience segments which for
us was luxury
shoppers
funnily enough family film fans and also
hair care products now important thing
to note with this was actually a hair
care products so don't only add
audiences within your niche because you
just don't know how some of those other
audiences are going to perform so once
you've got some confirmation markers
there it's just then a matter of
increasing your bid adjustments now
rewinding back to why i said you should
also add in that search impression share
we've actually added this now when we
added this in our search impression
chair was in and around about that 40
that's why we added in the bid
adjustment so i now know because we're
hitting up at around about that 95 and
94 search impression share we've maxed
out that audience so there's no point me
adding in any extra bit adjustments
higher than 30
but for some of these other ones i've
just started scaling them up at five
percent because they're still waiting
for some more data to come through but i
know these are going to be successful so
that's just a really quick tip on how
you can use audiences to skyrocket your
campaign right now why don't you go into
google ads campaign see if you've got
those audiences added if they're not
added make sure you add them then you
can come back in in 14 days and start
adding in those bid optimizations to
improve your account performance if this
quick teaching has been of value to you
can you please do me a big favor and
like and subscribe to this channel so
that you can get notified every time we
release these new optimization tips for
your google ads campaign also in the
description section of this video i've
given you a free gift and that's my
optimization checklist all you need to
do is click on that link and that'll
take you through to an option where you
can sign up and receive my free
optimization checklist which will take
you through the step-by-step process
that i use even today to optimize all of
my google ads campaigns thank you again
i look forward to seeing you on the next
video